Enchance Snake tutorial (#11)
fragcolor-xyz/chainblocks-examples: tutorials/snake/steps/step-2.md

          .y (Math.Multiply grid-cols) (Math.Add .x))) ;; (6) (7)
    ```

    1. The [`defn`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/functions/macros/#defn) keyword associates a function with a name. Note the `[]` after the `get-index` name. This indicates that this function has 0 parameters. We will later see functions that do have parameters.
    2. [`(->)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/functions/misc/#shard-container) is a shard container that will group and execute its inner shard(s) in order.
    3. `(|)` is an alias for [`(Sub)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/General/Sub/). It allows reusing the same input across a sequence of shards.
    4. [`(Take)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/General/Take/) returns the value from a sequence at a given index (starting at `0`).
    5. `>=` is an alias for the shard [`(Set)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/General/Set/) which saves the output of ashard into a context variable.

>     6. [`(Math.Multiply)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/Math/Multiply/) multiplies its input (written to the left of theshard) with a given value (written to the right of theshard and enclosed within it’s brackets) and outputs the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    6. [`(Math.Multiply)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/Math/Multiply/) multiplies its input (written to the left of the shard) with a given value (written to the right of the shard and enclosed within its brackets) and outputs the result.
```

Author: Same as above comment.

    7. [`(Math.Add)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/shards/Math/Add/) adds a value to its input and outputs the result.
        
    ??? note

>         Because defn expects a single "value" (called function return value) after the function name and the list of parameters, and our function’s logic (function body) contains multipleshards, a (->)shard is required  used required  to group these severalshards together in a single (return)shard . Since this is a common situation with `(defn)` functionshards, a convenient alternative is to use  [`(defblocks)`](https://docs.fragcolor.xyz/functions/macros/#defblocks) instead. A `(defblock)` behaves exactly like a function (including the ability to accept input parameters) but can contain multipleshards in it’s body. These multipleshards are executed in the order that they appear and `(defblocks)` return value is the output of the lastshard in its body. .

Reviewer: Lots of missing white spaces and there is a repetition of `required` in the middle. In addition:
- `it's` -> `its`
- `(defblocks)`-> `(defshards)`

Author: Same as above comment.

    ```

- Here `.y` is a context variable.

> - Its value becomes the input of the nextshard: `(Math.Multiply)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Its value becomes the input of the next shard: `(Math.Multiply)`.
```

Author: Fixed

- `(Math.Multiply)` takes that value, multiplies it by `grid-cols` and returns the result as output.

> - The output becomes the input for the nextshard: `(Math.Add)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The output becomes the input for the next shard: `(Math.Add)`.
```

Author: Fixed

- `(Math.Add)` takes that input and adds it to the value of the context variable `.x`.

> - Since this is the lastshard of the function, the output of thisshard becomes the output of the whole function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since this is the last shard of the function, the output of this shard becomes the output of the whole function.
```

                    GuiWindowFlags.NoResize GuiWindowFlags.NoMove GuiWindowFlags.NoCollapse]))))

>     (defnode root)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (defmesh root)
```

Author: Fixed

    (schedule root main-wire)
    (run root (/ 1.0 60))
    ```

>     1. We have already seen `defloop`, `defnode`, `schedule` and `run` in [step 1](./step-1.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. We have already seen `defloop`, `defmesh`, `schedule` and `run` in [step 1](./step-1.md).
```

Author: Fixed

                grid (Take .b) (GUI.Text))))))

>     (defnode root)

Author: Fixed
